Contact Manager Project Spec [CorgoConnect]

Objective: Personal Contact Manager where user can login and add, search, and delete contacts.

Requirements:
   - Remote Database
   - Use any stack
   - Use JSON to communicate between Client and Server
   - During presentation must showcase access to one API endpoint using ARC or CURL
   - Use web page as the client (web page must be AJAX enabled that accesses API)

Components/Role Assigments:

task                                description                          persons
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
server/deployment/git               Making sure components               Charles
                                    below work together and 
                                    deploying completed code
                                    to server. Keeping the 
                                    GitHub in order. 

database                            Building and populating              Charles and David
                                    database.
                                    
php                                 API connection from backend          David, Chantale,
                                    to front end.                        Trishna
                                    
javascript/json transmission        Adding functionality on the          Trishna
                                    front end and processing
                                    connections to the API.
                                    
ui/ux css html                      Designing and formatting the         Maryam And Lienne
                                    visual aspects of the project.
                                    What the user sees and interacts 
                                    with. 
                                    
research                            Interviewing each person who         Jordan
                                    completes a section to find 
                                    out why they chose the tech they
                                    did, how they did it, and what 
                                    obstacles they faced.

presentation                        In charge of piecing together the     Ariel
                                    research, gantt chart, ERD, and
                                    project details/link to demo in the
                                    final presentation. Ensuring that
                                    all members are present in the 
                                    presentation.
                                    
pm                                  Organizing the project, role          Chantale
                                    assignment, resolving conflicts,
                                    and gantt chart/timelining.
                                    

Project Rubric:

1. Submission of PowerPoint slides to the Webcourse - 10 pts

2. Professional PowerPoint slides - 10 pts

3. All members participate in the presentation - 5 pts

4. Use case - 5 pts

5. Gantt chart - 5 pts

6. Thorough demonstration of working project - 25 pts

7. Project adheres to current standards - 15 pts

8. ERD - 5 pts

9. Explanation of technology used for project - 10 pts

10. There are discretionary points for the instructor to award for project excellence - 10 pts

